Implemented Features:
---------------------

Fake Diamond 
Fake Diamond Sword
Fake Diamond Shovel
Fake Diamond Pickaxe
Fake Diamond Axe
Fake Diamond Hoe
Fake Diamond Block
Fake Diamond Helmet
Fake Diamond Chestplate
Fake Diamond Leggings
Fake Diamond Boots

Fake diamond tools have 15 times less durability than diamond tools and FD armor has circa 5 times less durability
than diamond armor. The durability is the only diffrence between fake diamond and diamond stuff.

Fake diamonds drop from skeletons and creepers to begin with.
50% drop chance for skeletons and 70% drop chance for creepers.
Skeletons and creepers drop 1 fake diamond and have a 25% chance to drop 2.
Zombies and spiders have 80% chance to drop 1 essence.

Blank Tablet - is used to craft the other tablets.
Destruction Tablet - destroys picked up items, specified by tokens. - mostly implemented.
Water Tablet - places water when right clicked. - fully implemented.
Lava Tablet - places lava when right clicked. - fully implemented.
Cobblestone Tablet - places cobblestone when right clicked. - fully implemented.
Dirt Tablet - places dirt when right clicked. - fully implemented.
Gravel Tablet - places gravel when right clicked. - fully implemented.
Reversing Tablet - will be used to reverse craft items, but not using a crafting table. - fully implemented.
Time Tablet - is used to fast forward the time. - fully implemented.
Reverse Time Tablet - is used to rewind the time. - fully implemented.
Growth Tablet - will cause plants right clicked on to grow faster, somewhat like bonemeal. - has no functionality yet.
Flight Tablet - will grant the player creative flight. - has no functionality yet.
Milk Tablet - removes all potion effects when right clicked. - fully implemented.

Essence - will be dropped by zombies and spiders, will be used as fuel for the tablets.

To reverse craft pick up the item you want to reverse craft while holding the reversing tablet.
Items that can be reverse crafted:
Book into 3 paper and 1 leather.
Wool into 4 string.
Compass into 4 iron and 1 redstone.
Clock into 4 gold and 1 redstone.
Item frame into 8 sticks and 1 leather.
Bucket into 3 iron.
Minecart into 5 iron.
Sticky piston into 1 piston and 1 slime ball.
Redstone torch into 1 stick and 1 redstone.
Book and quill into 1 book, 1 feather and 1 ink sac.

Cobblestone Token - will make the destruction tablet destroy cobblestone. - fully implemented except for texture.
Stone Token - will make the destruction tablet destroy stone. - fully implemented except for texture.
Dirt Token - will make the destruction tablet destroy dirt. - fully implemented except for texture.
Gravel Token - will make the destruction tablet destroy gravel. - fully implemented except for texture.

